# W9 Thinking Cap

I'd never taken a class that had guest speakers, so having these experts in their fields come in and
talk was such a unique learning experience. I loved how the series was so broad and covered a wide
range of topics and ideas, which was what I was hoping for before taking the course. It gave me a
chance to learn about the various different aspects that surround mapping and pretty much anything
else you would work on.

Alesha's talk was great because it gave me a lot of insight into the UX development experience, how
it works in the industry, and what your goals should be / what really matters. This was really
helpful to me because I've always wanted to learn more about UI and UX so I can apply them to
projects I work on. It was also really interesting to learn about her unique path to a career in UX
and how she uses her degree in her work. Yoh's presentation on thick mapping taught me a lot about
this idea that I had never heard of before and expanded what mapping is and means to me. I love the
idea of building on top of a "geographical map" and creating a story with what you choose to expand
it with, and being more complex and ever-changing. Albert's talk on technology and ethics / design
justice was eye-opening for me and really made me think about the design industry and what's really
important. I will definitely be thinking about this in any future projects I do; I'll try to make
sure I include everyone's unique experiences and be as ethical as I can. Lastly, Silvia's
presentation on equity and justice was extremely helpful because it brought the various topics that
we talked about into real-life examples. As someone who's been wanting to try research, her talking
about her experiences was invaluable. Also, her work involving taking what we're learning and making
an impactful difference for communities made me realize just how much we can do with the tools we
were taught to use over these 10 weeks.

Overall, the series was invaluable and complemented the class content very well. Hearing about these
experts in their fields talk about what they do so passionately has definitely inspired me and given
me context to why GIS and mapping is important and what it can do. Also, many of the things we
learned and the topics that the guest speakers talked about weren't exclusive to strict geographical
mapping, but any sort of development or design project.
